# Assignment 2 vs. Assignment 3: Making Projects More Object Oriented

Assignment 2 prioritized creating a general program used to read a .csv file, edit the information as text or numbers, and then write this altered information into a new .csv file, in the same format as the input file. However, making the project more object oriented created a more organized and cohesive feel to the code as a whole. Overall, making each step of the file reading and writing process split into multiple classes makes the program easier to understand.
The first step that came with the refactoring of Assignment 2 would be creating an individual object for a product with the `Product` class. That way, its attributes can be easily referenced and changed in other parts of this program. This was very reminiscent of using local classes to create objects while parsing JSON models during REST API transactions. The second major change that came to the Assignment 2 project was creating a class specifically for reading through the input file and parsing the data into the `Product` model that was created, which returns a list of Java translated Product objects from the input file. This class is called the `ProductReader` class, and the list it produces is sent directly to the `ProductTransform` class. After the `Product` object was created and the data was parsed into models, the list of `Product`s can then be transformed with the discounts outlined in the assignment. The last supporting class written in the `ProductWriter` class, which takes the list returned from `ProductTransformer` and writes the final tech products and discounts to a .csv with the same formatting as the input file. The last class that was created was a new version of `ETLPipeline.java`. This is a big difference from Assignment 2, as this `ETLPipeline` class is explicity for the `main` of this project. All of the previously mentioned classes are created and used consecutively, as the class is finished with a void method providing statistic and insight on the run including lines skipped, read, and transformed. 
Besides using differen objects and classes, a fundamental object oriented idea that was used here was encapsulation with the `Product` class. There are many attributes such as the `price` and `category` that needed to be changed, but they were not directly accessible by the program. Rather, `Product` contains getter and setter methods for all attributes. 
The best way that I verified Assignment 2 and Assignment 3 yielded the same result was by running Assignment 2, copy and pasting the results to Notepad, running Assignment 3, and then comparing the two outputs.
